china and the u.s. tensions have
escalated in recent years with the
threat of China being unwilling to
support the American economy any longer
with trillions and debt being held by
China the Fed would have to pick up the
pieces you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to look at a bunch of different
images that I believe to be very
powerful I wanted to share them with you
we're covering multiple topics today
let's look at this I believe this is
very telling very powerful look at this
diagram the red lines are China the blue
lines are the US countries for which
China is the learning largest trading
partner that's 124 countries for which
America is largest trading partner 56
now surely the totals are given here but
it would tell us another dimension to
this but i would say that we are setting
up for a global dominance perhaps not
today but in the future as the decades
go on we can see that things are
changing this is very telling a do
believe so it's not that China and
Russia are doing business together and
that's it you know the the axis of evil
and they are simply partnered with each
other and nobody else I mean look at
this diagram and it shows you that their
dominance is truly global let's move on
nasta everybody knows about NAFTA how
terrible it is this chart shows you
something very interesting not
necessarily agreeing with everything in
these diagrams but just take a look
seventy-four percent of all canadian
exports goal to the US the reason i
mention this before going to the rest is
that something is very clear when one
country is dom and then is really
reliant on one particular nation like
canada is to the US you
we'll have a very big problem with your
exports should that country suffer US
exports thirty percent of all US exports
go to Canada and Mexico and then
seventy-five percent of all mexican
exports crook CD us so in both cases
Canada in the US will suffer should the
u.s. not require more goods remember
that very important for commodities base
nation or anything else this applies to
all different things i'm always trying
to just remind you of all those things
that are portal to your when you scroll
down this very quickly and this we're
looking at the share of the north
american auto production one quick point
that I wanted to make from this actually
this as well see if I can do this
manufacturing employment there's no belt
and you know it's often talked about as
being just the US but look at this this
is canada ontario canada doing the exact
same thing as what's happening in
michigan exactly declining manufacturing
employment the people are happy because
they can work their service based jobs
unfortunately a lot of them don't pay as
much as the other ones the only reason i
wanted to mention this was if you look
here six percent from mexico thirteen
percent in 2007 and then more current
numbers show you twenty percent the
share of mexicans producing the auto
manufacturing is definitely clear I mean
it's multiplying significantly over the
years that's very obvious but then also
when you look at Brazil and China and
the expansion what's going on those
nations as well China and the US will be
looking at the global economy by GDP but
actually to focus on the US and China
clearly dominating the entire chart here
and it's just good to visually CDs I do
believe it's important okay look at this
here and it's very telling that the two
big boys are very apparent and that's
something that we need to really look
for it
the table start to turn as the years go
on as they do seem like they are sphere
of influence more than half of the
people on the earth live within this
circle and to me that shows me something
big there are more people in this circle
than outside of it it just really really
tells me something about population
density as well this is just a close-up
of showing a 22 of the world 37 mega
cities holding at least 10 million
people all within that circle this also
tells me something about population
density and maybe I'll get into it in
this one here America's 18 trillion
dollar economy divided in half and you
can see that the concentration of wealth
that occurs even within a particular
nation and that's something that people
don't really take into effect take into
account that when you say the US is
doing bad there may be pockets that are
doing extremely well but you compare
that to let's say other regions you may
get a very different picture so that's
what I want to know what you know you
use generalizations but there are always
pocket the reason well if you say the
stock market is doing terribly and you
know Apple stock has been up every
single day for the past two years you
know you're just you know you have to
generalize in some cases you could say
the general global economy is not doing
well but then you you know cherry pick
on one thing or another just the way it
is what I would say about population
density is that many people say that the
world is overpopulated when you look at
some of these charts it shows you there
was one in here somewhere it shows you
the fact that most of the world in fact
is not populated maybe I can pull up
this one here most of the world is
unpopulated in fact most
Russia is most of Canada is Greenland as
well Australia same thing now you may
say those areas are largely unlivable
but it's not really unlivable may be
uncomfortable for a lot of these places
but certainly not unlivable there's a
lot of area out there available to
people should they desire now all of the
people seem to be really geographically
really really close together and that
presents a big problem in some ways
that's all one of them note because it
seems to be a reoccurring theme and I
think it's important last but not least
all gold mine in human history that's
explained a trillion dollars worth and
look at a compared to the Statue of
Liberty that's in all of history all the
gold mines and I believe in you know to
think about it not that big I mean
Statue of Liberty is pretty tall but
thinking about is really not that big so
I thought that was interesting as well
to visually see that if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up if you like these types of
videos of course I will do more in the
future if you found this video
informative I know you'll find my box a
money GPS and globally economic collapse
even more important so go over to Amazon
they have this look inside feature that
allows you to allows you to flip through
the pages of these books to see if you
like it taker